=== PAGE 368 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
365
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group and the respective Board of Directors of its 
associate and joint venture are responsible for overseeing the 
financial reporting process of each company.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control.
•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section 143(3)
(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the company has adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements 
in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the Management and Board 
of Directors.
•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management 
and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis 
of accounting in preparation of consolidated financial 
statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events 
or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
appropriateness of this assumption. If we conclude that 
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Group and its 
associate and joint venture to cease to continue as a 
going concern.
•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Holding Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Other Matter
The financial information of five subsidiaries, whose financial 
information reflects total assets (before consolidation 
adjustments) of Rs. 2,684 crores as at 31 March 2026, total 
revenues (before consolidation adjustments) of Rs. 2,150 
crores and net cash flows (before consolidation adjustments) 
amounting to Rs. 47 crores for the year ended on that date, 
as considered in the consolidated financial statements, have 
not been audited either by us or by other auditors. The 
consolidated financial statements also include the Group’s 
share of net profit (and other comprehensive income) of Rs. 1 

=== PAGE 369 ===
366
crore for the year ended 31 March 2026, as considered in the 
consolidated financial statements, in respect of one associate 
and joint venture, whose financial information have not been 
audited by us or by other auditors. These unaudited financial 
information have been furnished to us by the Management 
and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in 
so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included 
in respect of these subsidiaries, joint venture and associate, 
and our report in terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of 
the Act in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, 
joint venture and associate, is based solely on such unaudited 
financial information. In our opinion and according to the 
information and explanations given to us by the Management, 
these financial information are not material to the Group.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and 
our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
below, is not modified in respect of this matter with respect 
to the financial information certified by the Management.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in 
the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified 
in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent 
applicable.
2 A.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report, 
to the extent applicable, that:
  a.  We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to 
the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
  b.  In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law relating to preparation of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements 
have been kept so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books except for 
the matters stated in the paragraph 2B(f) 
below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
  c.  The consolidated balance sheet, the 
consolidated statement of profit and loss 
(including other comprehensive income), 
the consolidated statement of changes in 
equity and the consolidated statement of 
cash flows dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the relevant books of account 
maintained for the purpose of preparation of 
the consolidated financial statements.
  d.  In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements comply with the Ind AS 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
  e.  On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors of the Holding 
Company as on various dates taken on record 
by the Board of Directors of the Holding 
Company and its two subsidiary companies 
incorporated in India, none of the directors of 
the Group companies incorporated in India is 
disqualified as on 31 March 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164(2) of the Act.
  f.  the modification relating to the maintenance 
of accounts and other matters connected 
therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2A(b) 
above on reporting under Section 143(3)(b) 
of the Act and paragraph [2B(f) below on 
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
  g.  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to financial 
statements of the Holding Company and its 
subsidiary companies incorporated in India 
and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate Report in 
“Annexure B”.
 B.  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  a.  The consolidated financial statements disclose 
the impact of pending litigations as at 31 
March 2026 on the consolidated financial 
position of the Group, its associate and joint 
venture. Refer Note 30 to the consolidated 
financial statements.
  b.  The Group, its associate and joint venture 
did not have any material foreseeable  
losses on long-term contracts including 
derivative contracts during the year ended  
31 March 2026.
  c.  There has been no delay in transferring 
amounts to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Holding Company 
during the year ended 31 March 2026.
  d  (i)   The respective management of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India whose 

=== PAGE 370 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
367
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
financial statements have been audited 
under the Act have represented that, 
to the best of their knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the Note 42 to 
the consolidated financial statements, 
no funds have been advanced or 
loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or 
any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Holding Company or any of 
such subsidiary companies to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Holding Company 
or any of such subsidiary companies 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   (ii)  The respective management of the 
Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India whose 
financial statements have been audited 
under the Act have represented that, 
to the best of their knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the Note 42 to 
the consolidated financial statements, 
no funds have been received by the 
Holding Company or any of such 
subsidiary companies from any 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Holding 
Company or any of such subsidiary 
companies shall directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Parties 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   (iii)  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that 
has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) 
and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under 
(i) and (ii) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
  e.  The final dividend paid by the Holding 
Company during the year, in respect of the 
same declared for the previous year, is in 
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the 
extent it applies to payment of dividend.
    As stated in Note 13.3 to the consolidated 
financial statements, the respective Board 
of Directors of the Holding Company has 
proposed final dividend for the year which 
is subject to the approval of the respective 
members at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting. The dividend declared is in 
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the 
extent it applies to declaration of dividend.
  f.  Based on our examination which included test 
checks, except for the instances mentioned 
below, the Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies have used accounting softwares 
for maintaining its books of account which 
have a feature of audit trail (edit log) facility, 
and the same has operated throughout the 
year for all relevant transactions recorded in 
the respective softwares:
   i.  In respect of the Holding Company, the 
feature of audit trail at the application 
as well as the database layer of the 
accounting software relating to general 
ledger, account receivable and account 
payable was enabled, however, the 
preservation of such audit trail is 
available only for the period 1 May 2025 
to 31 March 2026.
   ii.  In respect of the Holding Company, 
the feature of audit trail (edit log) at 
the application as well as the database 
layer of the accounting software relating 
to interface system between front end 
billing system and accounting software 
was enabled from 1 July 2025 onwards. 
However, the edit logs for changes made 
to the audit trail feature were not available 
throughout the year, and hence, we are 
unable to determine whether changes to 
the audit trail feature were made during 
the year. Accordingly, the audit trail has 
not been preserved by the Company 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.

=== PAGE 371 ===
368
   iii.  In respect of the Holding Company and 
two subsidiary companies, the feature 
of audit trail (edit log) was enabled at 
the application as well as database layer 
of the accounting software relating to 
revenue, accounts payable, accounts 
receivable, fixed assets and general 
ledger. Additionally, except where the 
audit trail was not enabled in previous 
years, the audit trail has been preserved 
by the Company as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention.
   iv.  In respect of the Holding Company, in 
the absence of sufficient and appropriate 
reporting on compliance with audit trail 
requirements in the independent auditor’s 
report of a service organization for the 
accounting software relating to revenue 
of spares and service, we are unable to 
comment whether the audit trail feature 
and its preservation at database layer as 
per the statutory requirements of the 
record retention for the said software 
was enabled and operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in such software.
   v.  In respect of one subsidiary company, 
the feature of audit trail (edit log) was 
enabled at the application as well 
as database layer of the accounting 
software relating to order to cash and 
purchase to pay from 2 September 2025 
to 31 March 2025.
     Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility 
was enabled and operated throughout 
the year for the respective accounting 
software, we did not come across any 
instance of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with. Additionally, where the 
audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled 
in the previous years, the audit trail (edit 
log) has been preserved by the Group 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention except for the instances 
mentioned above.
 C.  With respect to the matter to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:
   In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the remuneration 
paid during the current year by the Holding 
Company and its two subsidiary companies 
incorporated in India to its directors is in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of 
the Act. The remuneration paid to any director 
by the Holding Company and its two subsidiary 
companies incorporated in India is not in excess of 
the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. 
One subsidiary company incorporated in India has 
not paid any remuneration to its directors during 
the year. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has 
not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) 
of the Act which are required to be commented 
upon by us.ve any material foreseeable losses on 
long-term contracts including derivative contracts 
during the year ended 31 March 2026.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Arjun Ramesh
Partner
Place: Bengaluru Membership No.: 218495
Date: 08 May 2026 ICAI UDIN: 26218495JKXZCO7272

=== PAGE 372 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
369
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Titan Company Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date)
(xxi)  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following companies incorporated in India 
and included in the consolidated financial statements, has unfavourable remarks, qualification or adverse remarks given by 
the respective auditor in their report under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (CARO):
Sr. 
No.
Name of the entities CIN Relationship Clause number of the 
CARO report which 
is unfavourable or 
qualified or adverse
1  Titan Commodity Trading Limited  U67190KA2020PLC137042   Subsidiary 3(xix) 
2 CaratLane Trading Private Limited U52393TN2007PTC064830 Subsidiary 3(iii)(c) and 3(iii)(d)
  The above does not include comments, if any, in respect of the following entities as the CARO report relating to them has 
not been issued by its auditor till the date of principal auditor’s report.
Name of the entities
Green Infra Wind Power Theni Limited
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Arjun Ramesh
Partner
Place: Bengaluru Membership No.: 218495
Date: 08 May 2026 ICAI UDIN: 26218495JKXZCO7272

=== PAGE 373 ===
370
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
on the consolidated financial statements of Titan Company Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our 
report of even date)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of Titan Company Limited (hereinafter referred 
to as “the Holding Company”) as of and for the year ended 
31 March 2026, we have audited the internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding 
Company and such companies incorporated in India under 
the Act which are its subsidiary companies, its associate 
company and joint venture company, as of that date.
 Management’s and Board of Directors’ 
Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Company’s Management and the Board of 
Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls based on the internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements criteria 
established by the respective company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (the “Guidance Note”). These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the respective company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection 
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements based 
on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with 
the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed 
under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable 
to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements were established and maintained and 
if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with 
Reference to Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements include those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management 
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of 
unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements.

=== PAGE 374 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
371
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override 
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Holding Company and such companies 
incorporated in India which are its subsidiary companies and 
its associate company, have, in all material respects, adequate 
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements 
and such internal financial controls were operating effectively 
as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements criteria established by 
such companies considering the essential components of 
such internal controls stated in the Guidance Note.
Other Matter
The internal financial controls with reference to financial 
information insofar as it relates to one associate company, 
which is a company incorporated in India and included in 
these consolidated financial statements, have not been 
audited either by us or by other auditor. In our opinion and 
according to the information and explanations given to us by 
the Management, such unaudited associate company is not 
material to the Holding Company.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of above matter.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Arjun Ramesh
Partner
Place: Bengaluru Membership No.: 218495
Date: 08 May 2026 ICAI UDIN: 26218495JKXZCO7272

=== PAGE 375 ===
372
Consolidated balance sheet
as at 31st March 2026
` in crore
Particulars Note As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
 (a) Property, plant and equipment 3.1  2,684  1,854 
 (b) Capital work-in-progress 3.2  135  93 
 (c) Right-of-use assets 4  2,195  1,774 
 (d) Investment property 5.1  136  1 
 (e) Goodwill 5.2  758  123 
 (f) Other intangible assets 6.1  1,105  310 
 (g) Intangible assets under development 6.2  28  12 
 (h) Investments accounted for using equity method 43  152  - 
 (i) Financial assets
  (i)  Investments 7.1  1,105  651 
  (ii)  Loans 7.2  66  62 
  (iii) Other financial assets 7.3  982  868 
 (j) Deferred tax assets 8  173  170 
 (k) Income tax assets (net) 8  107  104 
 (l) Other non-current assets 9  154  191 
 9,780  6,213 
(2) Current assets
 (a) Inventories 10  42,743  28,184 
 (b) Financial assets
  (i)  Investments 11.1  2,249  1,337 
  (ii)  Trade receivables 11.2  916  1,068 
  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 11.3  873  407 
  (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 11.3  1,044  1,177 
  (v)  Loans 11.4  51  44 
  (vi) Other financial assets 11.5  672  260 
 (c) Other current assets 12  2,233  1,957 
 50,781  34,434 
TOTAL ASSETS  60,561  40,647 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
 (a) Equity share capital 13.1  89  89 
 (b) Other equity 13.2  15,614  11,535 
TOTAL EQUITY  15,703  11,624 
Liabilities
(1) Non-current liabilities
 (a) Financial liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 14.1  93  595 
  (ii)  Lease liabilities 14.2  2,712  2,318 
  (iii) Other financial liabilities 14.3  1,876  6 
 (b) Provisions 15  375  299 
 (c) Deferred tax liability 8  -  2 
 (d) Other non-current liabilities 16  9  10 
 5,065  3,230 
(2) Current liabilities
 (a) Financial liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 17.1  11,285  9,691 
  (ii) Gold on loan 17.2  16,070  7,810 
  (iii)  Lease liabilities 17.3  461  363 
  (iv)  Trade payables
   - Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 17.4  609  217 
   -  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small 
enterprises 17.4  2,255  1,746 
  (v) Other financial liabilities 17.5  2,530  1,330 
 (b) Other current liabilities 18  6,233  4,441 
 (c) Provisions 19  327  155 
 (d) Current tax liabilities (net) 8  23  40 
 39,793  25,793 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  60,561  40,647 
Material accounting policies 2
See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for B S R & Co. LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022 Sandhya V Sharma Chairperson (DIN: 08445015)
Srinivasan Varadarajan Director (DIN: 00033882)
Arjun Ramesh Ajoy Chawla Managing Director (DIN: 07083700)
Partner Ashok Sonthalia Chief Financial Officer (M.No.: 055490)
Membership Number: 218495 Dinesh Shetty General Counsel and Company Secretary (M.No.: F3879)
Place: Bengaluru Place: Bengaluru
Date: 8th May 2026 Date: 8th May 2026

