=== PAGE 274 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
271
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
  c.  The standalone balance sheet, the standalone 
statement of profit and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), the standalone 
statement of changes in equity and the 
standalone statement of cash flows dealt 
with by this Report are in agreement with the 
books of account.
  d.  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements comply with the Ind AS 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
  e.  On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors on various dates 
taken on record by the Board of Directors, 
none of the directors is disqualified as on 
31 March 2026 from being appointed as a 
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
  f.  The modification relating to the maintenance 
of accounts and other matters connected 
therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2A(b) 
above on reporting under Section 143(3)
(b) of the Act and paragraph 2B(f) below on 
reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014.
  g.  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to financial 
statements of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate Report in “Annexure B”.
 B.  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  a.  The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations as at 31 March 2026 on 
its financial position in its standalone financial 
statements - Refer Note 29 to the standalone 
financial statements.
  b.  The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which there were any material foreseeable 
losses.
  c.  There has been no delay in transferring 
amounts, required to be transferred, to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Company.
  d  (i)   The Management has represented 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, as disclosed in the Note 39 to 
the standalone financial statements, no 
funds have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   (ii)  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, as 
disclosed in the Note 39 to the standalone 
financial statements, no funds have 
been received by the Company from 
any person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Parties (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
   (iii)  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that 
has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) 
and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under 
(i) and (ii) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
  e.  The final dividend paid by the Company during 
the year, in respect of the same declared 
for the previous year, is in accordance with 
Section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies 
to payment of dividend.

=== PAGE 275 ===
272
    As stated in Note 13.3 to the standalone 
financial statements, the Board of Directors 
of the Company has proposed final dividend 
for the year which is subject to the approval 
of the members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting. The dividend declared is in 
accordance with Section 123 of the Act to the 
extent it applies to declaration of dividend.
  f.  Based on our examination which included test 
checks, except for the instances mentioned 
below, the Company has used accounting 
softwares for maintaining its books of account 
which have a feature of audit trail (edit log) 
facility, and the same has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transactions recorded 
in the respective softwares:
   i.  The feature of audit trail at the 
application as well as the database layer 
of the accounting software relating to 
general ledger, account receivable and 
account payable was enabled, however, 
the preservation of such audit trail is 
available only for the preceding eleven 
months.
   ii.  The feature of audit trail (edit log) at 
the application as well as the database 
layer of the accounting software relating 
to interface system between front end 
billing system and accounting software 
was enabled from 1 July 2025 onwards. 
However, the edit logs for changes made 
to the audit trail feature were not available 
throughout the year, and hence, we are 
unable to determine whether changes to 
the audit trail feature were made during 
the year. Accordingly, the audit trail has 
not been preserved by the Company 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
   iii.  The feature of audit trail (edit log) 
was enabled at the application as well 
as database layer of the accounting 
software relating to revenue, accounts 
payable, accounts receivable, fixed 
assets and general ledger. Additionally, 
except where the audit trail was not 
enabled in previous years, the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
   iv.  In the absence of sufficient and 
appropriate reporting on compliance 
with audit trail requirements in the 
independent auditor’s report of a service 
organization for the accounting software 
relating to revenue of spares and service, 
we are unable to comment whether the 
audit trail feature and its preservation 
at database layer as per the statutory 
requirements of the record retention 
for the said software was enabled and 
operated throughout the year for all 
relevant transactions recorded in such 
software.
     Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility 
was enabled and operated throughout 
the year for the respective accounting 
software, we did not come across any 
instance of the audit trail feature being 
tampered with. Additionally, where the 
audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled 
in the previous years, the audit trail (edit 
log) has been preserved by the Company 
as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention except for the instances 
mentioned above.
 C.  With respect to the matter to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:
   In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the remuneration 
paid/payable by the Company to its directors 
during the current year is in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. The 
remuneration paid/payable to any director is not 
in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 
of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has 
not prescribed other details under Section 197(16)  
of the Act which are required to be commented 
upon by us.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Arjun Ramesh
Partner
Place: Bengaluru Membership No.: 218495
Date: 08 May 2026 ICAI UDIN:26218495TYBEIJ9563

=== PAGE 276 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
273
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
(i)  (a)  (A)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant and 
Equipment.
  (B)  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
(i)  (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
a regular programme of physical verification of its 
Property, Plant and Equipment and Right of Use 
asset by which all all factory related assets are 
verified every year and non- factory related assets 
are verified in a phased manner over a period of 
three years. In accordance with this programme, 
certain property, plant and equipment were verified 
during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity of 
physical verification is reasonable having regard 
to the size of the Company and the nature of its 
assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on 
such verification.
 (c)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the title deeds 
of immovable properties (other than immovable 
properties where the Company is the lessee and 
the leases agreements are duly executed in favour 
of the lessee) disclosed in the standalone financial 
statements are held in the name of the Company.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment 
(including Right of Use assets) or intangible assets 
or both during the year.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, there are no 
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
on the Standalone Financial Statements of Titan Company Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date)
proceedings initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any benami property under 
the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions 
Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
(ii)  (a)  The inventory, except goods-in-transit, has been 
physically verified by the Management during the 
year.For goods-in-transit subsequent evidence of 
receipts has been linked with inventory records. 
In our opinion, the frequency of such verification 
is reasonable and procedures and coverage as 
followed by management were appropriate. No 
discrepancies were noticed on verification between 
the physical stocks and the book records that were 
more than 10% in the aggregate of each class of 
inventory.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
not been sanctioned any working capital limits in 
excess of five crore rupees in aggregate from banks 
and financial institutions on the basis of security 
of current assets at any point of time of the year. 
Accordingly, clause 3(ii)(b) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
(iii)  According to the information and explanation given to 
us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, the Company has not provided 
any guarantee or given any security or granted any 
advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, 
to companies, firms, limited liability partnership or any 
other parties during the year. The Company has made 
investments in companies and other parties and granted 
loans to employees and companies, in respect of which 
the requisite information is provided in clause (a) to 
(f) below to the extent applicable. The Company has 
not made any investments in firms and limited liability 
partnership or granted any loans, secured or unsecured, 
to firms, limited liability partnership or any other parties 
during the year.

=== PAGE 277 ===
274
 (a)  Based on the audit procedures carried on by us and 
as per the information and explanations given to 
us the Company has provided loans to any other 
entity as below:
Particulars Loans  
(Rs. in crores)
Aggregate amount during the year
Subsidiaries* 1,556
Joint ventures* -
Associates* -
Others 66
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date
Subsidiaries* 584
Joint ventures* -
Associates* -
Others* 57
  *As per the Companies Act, 2013
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and based on the audit procedures 
conducted by us, in our opinion the investments 
made during the year and the terms and conditions 
of the grant of loans during the year are not 
prejudicial to the interest of the Company.
 (c)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, in the case of loans 
given, in our opinion the repayment of principal 
and payment of interest has been stipulated and 
the repayments or receipts have been regular. 
Further, the Company has not given any advance in 
the nature of loan to any party during the year.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, there is no overdue 
amount for more than ninety days in respect of 
loans given. Further, the Company has not given 
any advances in the nature of loans to any party 
during the year.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, there is no loan 
or advance in the nature of loan granted falling 
due during the year, which has been renewed 
or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the 
overdues of existing loans given to same parties.
 (f)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
not granted any loans or advances in the nature 
of loans either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment.
(iv)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has complied 
with the provisions of Section 186 of the Act, with 
respect to the loans given and investments made. The 
Company has not provided any guarantee or security 
and therefore the relevant provisions of Section 186 
of the Act is not applicable. Further, there are no loans 
given, or guarantees provided or securities given in 
respect of which provisions of Section 185 of the Act 
are applicable.
(v)  According to the information and explanations given to 
us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, in our opinion the Company has complied 
with the provisions of Sections 73 to 76 or other relevant 
provisions of the Act and the rules framed thereunder 
where applicable and the directives issued by the 
Reserve Bank of India as applicable, with regard to 
deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits. 
As informed to us, there have been no proceedings 
before the Company Law Board or National Company 
Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any court or 
any other tribunal in this matter and no order has been 
passed by any of the aforesaid authorities in this regard.
(vi)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the Central Government has not prescribed the 
maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the 
Act for the products manufactured by it (and/or services 
provided by it). Accordingly, clause 3(vi) of the Order is 
not applicable.
(vii)  (a)  The Company does not have liability in respect  
of Service tax, Duty of excise, Sales tax and Value 
added tax during the year since effective 1 July 
2017, these statutory dues has been subsumed 
into GST.
   According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, in our opinion, 
the undisputed statutory dues including Goods 
and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State 
Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or 
other statutory dues have generally been regularly 

=== PAGE 278 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
275
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
deposited by the Company with the appropriate 
authorities, though there have been slight delays in 
a few cases of professional tax.
   According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, no undisputed 
amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service 
Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, 
Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other 
statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2026 
for a period of more than six months from the date 
they became payable.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, statutory dues 
relating to Goods and Service Tax, Provident Fund, 
Employees State Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of 
Customs or Cess or other statutory dues which 
have not been deposited on account of any dispute 
are as follows:
Statute/Nature of  
the dues
Amount  
(Rs. in crores)
Period to which  
the amount relates
Forum where dispute is pending
Income Tax 34
(6)
2002-2003, 2006-2012 Hon’ble High Court
63
(-)
2016-2017 2018-2019 Income Tax Appellate Tribunal
86
(38)
2001-2002, 2004-2005,
2010-2011, 2017-2019,
2021-2022
Appellate Authority upto 
Commissioner’s level
Customs duty 38
(3)
2012-2017 Appellate Authority upto 
Commissioner’s level
Goods and Service tax 282
(20)
2018-2023 Appellate Authorities
437
(5)
2017-2025 Hon’ble High Court
Excise duty 66
(39)
2005-2009 Hon’ble Supreme Court of India
0.01
(0.01)
2001-2002 Hon’ble High Court of Madras
0.15
(0.02)
2001-2004, 2017-2018 Appellate Authorities
12
(0.66)
1987-2012 Custom, Excise and Service Tax 
Appellate Tribunal
Sales tax/Value added 
tax
0.87
(0.15)
2000-2001 Hon’ble High Court of Andhra 
Pradesh
0.98
(0.35)
2009-2012 Commercial Tax Tribunal
38
(15)
1998-2018 Appellate Authority upto 
Commissioner’s level
  *Amounts in brackets represent amounts paid under protest

=== PAGE 279 ===
276
(viii)   Ac cording to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
not surrendered or disclosed any transactions, 
previously unrecorded as income in the books of 
account, in the tax assessments under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year.
(ix)  (a)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has not 
defaulted in repayment of loans and borrowing or 
in the payment of interest thereon to any lender.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
not been declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or 
financial institution or government or government 
authority.
 (c)  In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us by the Management, 
the Company has not obtained any term loans 
during the year and the term loans obtained in the 
previous periods were fully utilised in the respective 
periods. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is 
not applicable.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on an overall examination of the 
standalone financial statements of the Company, 
we report that no funds raised on short-term basis 
have been used for long-term purposes by the 
Company.
 (e)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on an overall examination of the 
standalone financial statements of the Company, 
we report that the Company has not taken any 
funds from any entity or person on account of or to 
meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures as defined under the Act.
 (f)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and procedures performed by us, we 
report that the Company has not raised loans 
during the year on the pledge of securities held 
in its subsidiaries, joint ventures or associate 
companies (as defined under the Act).
(x)  (a)  The Company has not raised any moneys by way of 
initial public offer or further public offer (including 
debt instruments). Accordingly, clause 3(x)(a) of the 
Order is not applicable.
 (b)  A ccording to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company has 
not made any preferential allotment or private 
placement of shares or fully or partly convertible 
debentures during the year. Accordingly, clause 
3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
(xi)  (a)  During the course of our examination of the 
books and records of the Company and according 
to the information and explanations given to us, 
considering the principles of materiality outlined in 
Standards on Auditing, we report that no fraud by 
the Company or on the Company has been noticed 
or reported during the year.
 (b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us, no report under sub-section (12) 
of Section 143 of the Act has been filed by the 
auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under Rule 13 
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
with the Central Government.
 (c)  We have taken into consideration the whistle 
blower complaints received by the Company during 
the year while determining the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit procedures.
(xii)  According to the information and explanations given to 
us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, 
clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xiii)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the transactions with related 
parties are in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of 
the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related 
party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone 
financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
(xiv)  (a)  Based on information and explanations provided 
to us and our audit procedures, in our opinion, 
the Company has an internal audit system 
commensurate with the size and nature of its 
business.
 (b)  We have considered the internal audit reports  
of the Company issued till date for the period 
under audit.
(xv)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not entered 
into any non-cash transactions with its directors or 
persons connected to its directors and hence, provisions 
of Section 192 of the Act are not applicable to the 
Company.

=== PAGE 280 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
277
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
(xvi)  (a)  The Company is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order is 
not applicable.
 (b)  The Company is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 
1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is 
not applicable.
 (c)  The Company is not a Core Investment Company 
(CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the 
Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) 
of the Order is not applicable.
 (d)  According to the information and explanations 
provided to us, the Group (as defined in the 
regulations made by the Reserve Bank of India) 
has more than one CIC as part of the Group. The 
Group has six CICs as part of the Group
(xvii)  The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current 
and in the immediately preceding financial year.
(xviii)   There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii) of the Order 
is not applicable.
(xix)  According to the information and explanations given to 
us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and 
expected dates of realisation of financial assets and 
payment of financial liabilities, our knowledge of the 
Board of Directors and management plans and based 
on our examination of the evidence supporting the 
assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which 
causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists 
as on the date of the audit report that the Company 
is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the 
date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within 
a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, 
however, state that this is not an assurance as to the 
future viability of the Company. We further state that 
our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of 
the audit report and we neither give any guarantee 
nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get 
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx)  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount 
under sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the Act pursuant 
to any project. Accordingly, clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) 
of the Order are not applicable.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Arjun Ramesh
Partner
Place: Bengaluru Membership No.: 218495
Date: 08 May 2026 ICAI UDIN:26218495TYBEIJ9563

=== PAGE 281 ===
278
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements of Titan Company Limited (“the 
Company”) as of 31 March 2026 in conjunction with our 
audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company 
for the year ended on that date.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ 
Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls based on the internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”). 
These responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in 
accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on 
Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to 
the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements were 
established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements and their operating 
Annexure B to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
on the standalone financial statements of Titan Company Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid standalone financial statements under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our 
report of even date)
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements included obtaining an 
understanding of internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on 
the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the standalone financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with 
Reference to Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for 
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements include those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management 
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of 
unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
with Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements, including the 

=== PAGE 282 ===
Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Corporate Overview
279
Annual Report 2025-26 Titan Company Limited
possibility of collusion or improper management override 
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements may become inadequate because of changes in 
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, 
adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial 
statements and such internal financial controls were operating 
effectively as at 31 March 2026, based on the internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
Arjun Ramesh
Partner
Place: Bengaluru Membership No.: 218495
Date: 08 May 2026 ICAI UDIN:26218495TYBEIJ9563

=== PAGE 283 ===
280
Standalone balance sheet 
as at 31st March 2026
` in crore
Particulars Note As at  
31st March 2026
As at  
31st March 2025
ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a) Property, plant and equipment 3.1  1,688  1,474 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 3.2  63  86 
(c) Right-of-use assets 4  1,592  1,449 
(d) Investment property 5  1  1 
(e) Intangible assets 6  68  95 
(f) Intangible assets under development 6.1  26  8 
(g) Financial assets
(i) Investments 7.1  6,836  6,386 
(ii) Loans 7.2  63  59 
(iii) Other financial assets 7.3  810  739 
(h) Deferred tax assets (net) 8  129  125 
(i) Income tax assets (net) 8  91  85 
(j) Other non-current assets 9  101  124 
 11,468  10,631 
(2) Current assets
(a) Inventories 10  34,980  24,517 
(b) Financial assets
(i) Investments 11.1  2,196  1,337 
(ii) Trade receivables 11.2  892  984 
(iii) Cash and cash equivalents 11.3  156  243 
(iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 11.3  694  889 
(v) Loans 11.4  640  340 
(vi) Other financial assets 11.5  758  509 
(c) Other current assets 12  1,833  1,625 
 42,149  30,444 
TOTAL ASSETS  53,617  41,075 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity
(a) Equity share capital 13.1  89  89 
(b) Other equity 13.2  20,398  16,722 
TOTAL EQUITY  20,487  16,811 
Liabilities
(1) Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 14.1  -  420 
  (ii)  Lease liabilities 14.2  2,142  1,943 
 (b) Provisions 15  213  256 
 2,355  2,619 
(2) Current liabilities
(a) Financial liabilities
(i) Borrowings 16.1  6,239  7,483 
(ii) Gold on loan 16.2  14,314  7,043 
(iii) Lease liabilities 16.3  314  282 
(iv) Trade payables
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 16.4  531  158 
-  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and 
small enterprises 16.4  1,384  1,314 
(v) Other financial liabilities 16.5  2,244  1,134 
(b) Other current liabilities 17  5,466  4,069 
(c) Provisions 18  269  130 
(d) Current tax liabilities (net) 8  14  32 
 30,775  21,645 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  53,617  41,075 
Material accounting policies 2
See accompanying notes to the standalone financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for B S R & Co. LLP for and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 101248W/W-100022 Sandhya V Sharma Chairperson (DIN: 08445015)
Srinivasan Varadarajan Director (DIN: 00033882)
Arjun Ramesh Ajoy Chawla Managing Director (DIN: 07083700)
Partner Ashok Sonthalia Chief Financial Officer (M.No.: 055490)
Membership Number: 218495 Dinesh Shetty General Counsel and Company Secretary (M.No.: F3879)
Place: Bengaluru Place: Bengaluru
Date: 8th May 2026 Date: 8th May 2026

